refactor: GraphQL → WebSocket RPC + transcription optimisations (#805)
perspect3vism/ad4m-executor: plugins/ad4m/skills/ad4m/references/mcp.md

Streamable HTTP (bidirectional HTTP with SSE-like streaming). Connect at `http://localhost:3001/mcp`.

> **Not stdio** — the MCP server runs alongside the REST server in the same process. Uses JSON-RPC 2.0 over HTTP POST with session management via `Mcp-Session-Id` header.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Not stdio** — the MCP server runs alongside the AD4M API server in the same process. Uses JSON-RPC 2.0 over HTTP POST with session management via `Mcp-Session-Id` header.
```
